README.md, before:

# Unofficial Digital Outpost 18

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/7ca17db6-f3f8-492f-ba65-403d810ab3c2/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/outpost18/deploys)

## TODO

1. Remove gameId from local storage once a game finishes?
1. Complicated function abilities
1. Use localStorage or something in dev mode instead of Fauna - and dev Pusher environment too!
1. Move `cards` out of the context since it never changes?
1. Undo and "are you sure?" warnings
1. Event log?
1. Tooltips and viewing the contents of the discard pile
1. Public/private flag for games and a lobby screen listing public `waiting` ones.
1. Error handling, probably a React ErrorBoundary?
1. Card art, human-friendly text, and layout
1. Animations!
1. Auth / Login?
1. Highlight abilities where the threshold is met
1. DragPreview for cards - remove opacity at least?
1. Dragged cards take a split second before they disappear which looks weird
1. It's possible (though VERY unlikely) for generated gameCodes to collide

## Cool ideas that may or may not get implemented

1. Spectators
1. Multiple games at once - tabbed interface?
1. Browser notifs when it becomes your turn and you're not looking

## Dev setup

1. `yarn install`
1. `npm install netlify-cli -g`
1. `netlify init` and login so you'll have access to the environment variables
1. `netlify dev`
1. Browse to http://localhost:8888

## Seeding a new database

(TODO: make an idempotent script to do this)

1. Create a database called `outpost18`
1. Create a collection called `games`

## Environment Variables

* FAUNADB_SECRET_KEY
* PUSHER_APP_ID
* PUSHER_KEY
* PUSHER_SECRET
* PUSHER_CLUSTER

## Thanks etc

* PixelMix font by Andrew Tyler (CC by-sa Attribution Share Alike)
* Background SVG tile from Steve Schoger's [Hero Patterns](https://www.heropatterns.com/)

Commit message:

Move some files around, tidy things up, remove lots of debugging code

README.md, after:

# Unofficial Digital Outpost 18

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/7ca17db6-f3f8-492f-ba65-403d810ab3c2/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/outpost18/deploys)

Based on [Outpost 18](http://playoutpost18.com)

## TODO

1. Complicated function abilities
1. Beautify the welcome screen a little
1. Use localStorage or something in dev mode instead of Fauna - and dev Pusher environment too!
1. Move `cards` out of the context since it never changes?
1. Undo and "are you sure?" warnings
1. Event log?
1. Tooltips and viewing the contents of the discard pile
1. Public/private flag for games and a lobby screen listing public `waiting` ones.
1. Error handling, probably a React ErrorBoundary?
1. Card art, human-friendly text, and layout
1. Animations!
1. Auth / Login?
1. Highlight abilities where the threshold is met
1. DragPreview for cards - remove opacity at least?
1. Dragged cards take a split second before they disappear which looks weird
1. It's possible (though VERY unlikely) for generated gameCodes to collide

## Cool ideas that may or may not get implemented

1. Spectators
1. Multiple games at once - tabbed interface?
1. Browser notifs when it becomes your turn and you're not looking

## Dev setup

1. `yarn install`
1. `npm install netlify-cli -g`
1. `netlify init` and login so you'll have access to the environment variables
1. `netlify dev`
1. Browse to http://localhost:8888

## Seeding a new database

(TODO: make an idempotent script to do this)

1. Create a database called `outpost18`
1. Create a collection called `games`

## Environment Variables

* FAUNADB_SECRET_KEY
* PUSHER_APP_ID
* PUSHER_KEY
* PUSHER_SECRET
* PUSHER_CLUSTER

## Thanks etc

* [Outpost 18](http://playoutpost18.com) crew for the game rules and design
* PixelMix font by Andrew Tyler (CC by-sa Attribution Share Alike)
* Background SVG tile from Steve Schoger's [Hero Patterns](https://www.heropatterns.com/)
